1.22 finilized major themes (#1639)
kubernetes/sig-release: releases/release-1.22/release-notes/release-notes-draft.md

There is also a new way to run bleeding edge Windows features from scratch by compiling the windows kubelet and kube-proxy, then using them along with daily builds of other Kubernetes components.

### Deploy a more secure control plane with kubeadm

A new alpha feature allows running the kubeadm control plane components as non-root users. This is a long requested security measure in kubeadm. To try it you must enable the kubeadm-specific `RootlessControlPlane` feature gate. When you deploy a cluster using this alpha feature, your control plane runs with lower privileges.

A new [v1beta3 configuration API](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubeadm/issues/1796). It [iterates over v1beta2](https://pkg.go.dev/k8s.io/kubernetes/cmd/kubeadm/app/apis/kubeadm/v1beta3) by adding some long requested features and deprecating some existing ones. The `V1beta3` is now the preferred API version; the `v1beta2` API also remains available and is not yet deprecated.

### etcd moves to version 3.5.0

> Kubernetes' default backend storage, etcd, has a new release 3.5.0 and the community embraced it. The new release comes with improvements to the Security, performance, monitoring and developer experience. There are numremains available and is not yet deprecated.

Reviewer: "_There are numremains available and is not yet deprecated_."

What is numremains ? If it's some sort of a command, should we enclose it in back ticks ?

Author: This was due to copy/paste and bad interaction with vim

### etcd moves to version 3.5.0

> Kubernetes' default backend storage, etcd, has a new release 3.5.0 and the community embraced it. The new release comes with improvements to the Security, performance, monitoring and developer experience. There are numremains available and is not yet deprecated.

Reviewer: Same doubt as above.

### etcd moves to version 3.5.0

> Kubernetes' default backend storage, etcd, has a new release 3.5.0 and the community embraced it. The new release comes with improvements to the Security, performance, monitoring and developer experience. There are numremains available and is not yet deprecated.

Reviewer: This one too.

### etcd moves to version 3.5.0

> Kubernetes' default backend storage, etcd, has a newhange lets administrators opt in to configuring swap on Linux nodes, treating a portion of block storage as additional virtual memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes' default backend storage, etcd, has a new change which lets administrators opt in to configuring swap on Linux nodes, treating a portion of block storage as additional virtual memory.
```

### Cluster-wide seccomp defaults

> A new alpha feature gate SeccompDefault has been added to the kubelet, together with a corresponding command line flag `--seccomp-default` and kubelet configuration. If both are enabled, then the kubelet's behavior changes for pods that don't explicitly set a seccomp profile.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A new alpha feature gate `SeccompDefault` has been added to the kubelet, together with a corresponding command line flag `--seccomp-default` and kubelet configuration. If both are enabled, then the kubelet's behaviour changes for pods that don't explicitly set a seccomp profile.
```

Author: Behavior can stay as the American variant. We are not that strict.
